hi guys today we'll be showing you quick
and easy nail tutorial for the fourth of
July
if you don't have a lot of time to spend
in your nails a snail tutorial for you
it looks good and so simple and easy to
do don't forget to give a video a thumbs
up if you liked it so let's get started
to see some time we already applied two
coats of my white blue line nail polish
on my ring and middle fingers and as you
can see I already applied my red Milani
nail polish on my artistry nails this
time we decided to use nail stickers I
got them at sally beauty supply for the
ring finger I'm using American flag nail
sticker as you can see i choose smaller
sticker because they have small nails I
peel it off carefully beasts tweezers
and stick it onto my nails
for the middle finger I decided to
choose t Kirby's eagle and stars from a
patriotic look I needed to cut off a
little bit so the sticker can feel
better my layout before it was too long
and now as you can see i apply topcoat
to seal the deal i
time to apply rhinestones on my eyes and
heels and for this I'm applying top coat
and then right away i'm applying my
rhinestone on my teeth
and the same video tube is my as a nail
and to make sure that my rhinestones
will stay in place I decided to it
1,000,000 of top coat
and that's how the finished manicure
looks let me know what his thing I think
it's fun and girly perfect for the
fourth of july i hope you enjoyed this
video please subscribe i will see you
next time bye